that's Craig again okay and where adds
the meatball shot
what should I did pretty just finished
up at the meatball shop it's like 90
degrees that we're drinking hot yes I'm
sitting here drinking coffee with Craig
just had a lovely lunch but this morning
was chaotic I said bye to my family
which was really sad I miss them a lot
it was so fun having them doing the
touristy things here in New York this
morning I just looked at a ton of
apartments and it was very overwhelming
it was very hot and just you know subway
stuff I still don't know how to use the
subway I got to learn yeah that's
something I have to do but I viewed
three apartments today and I think I
already found one that I really like I
viewed some in Chelsea and Lower East
Side and Midtown it has a fire escape
and beautiful trees that you can go out
and look out into a somewhat of a view
so I'm excited we'll see if it's still
available I'm headed back to the office
right now to try to get the paperwork
going because that's the most stressful
part about your apartment
we actually the other way used to be
better it's hot
slow hot outside but it's a beautiful
day the Sun right now is insane I'm here
with Craig he was this for it he came
with me to apply to my first New York
apartment kind of crazy because it was
only the second apartment I viewed but
it just felt right it felt right so I
was like let's do this let's apply but
now the hard part is like just waiting
to see if I get approved does were thing
where your income has to be just
astronomically high in order to just get
approved I don't know how anyone moves
to New York but crossing my fingers and
hopefully hopefully I'll have an
apartment by the end of the week but
I'll keep you guys updated now we're
just going to explore Central Park
because it's a beautiful day it's been a
stressful day and yeah
there's Craig
question is the friends fountain in
Central Park is that is that the
fountain from friends I love friends I
binge-watched friends on Netflix and
like two months and that was the last
series that I've been watched I mean I
haven't honestly been watching any
Netflix recently which is kind of sad
but we got things to do you know what is
your favorite Netflix show let me know I
liked Chuck
I like alias time at your mother and
then Prince gotta love it kind of
disappointing but the friends fountain
is actually just a fountain like on a
lot in LA it's not it's not that
fountain that was disappointing I got my
hopes up
a lot of these New York blogs have just
been me saying oh my gosh it's such a
beautiful day or oh my gosh this is so
pretty but for real look how beautiful
all right let's sign off the blog okay
it's it was a stay PG